This sign means:; Enter at your own risk.; Road ends.; Road closed.; Do not enter.; Do not enter.;do_not_enter
Manitoba law requires children to be in which type of seat until they are at least 145 cm (4’ 9”), 36 kg (80 lb.) or nine years old?; A booster seat.; A rear-facing infant car seat.; A forward-facing child car seat.; A secured seatbelt.; A booster seat.; Booster seats position the seatbelt properly for smaller children.
You are driving and it begins to rain. You should:; Drive faster than other traffic.; Drive at no faster than the maximum posted speed.; Slow down and allow for weather conditions.; Drive close behind the vehicle ahead.; Slow down and allow for weather conditions.; Wet roads reduce traction and increase stopping distances.
You drive your vehicle into the side of an unattended vehicle and you cannot locate the vehicle’s owner. As the driver you:; Have done as much as you can.; Must stay until the police arrive.; Must leave a written note with your name, address, and circumstances of the accident.; Must stay until the owner returns,; Must leave a written note with your name, address, and circumstances of the accident; Leaving a note is required by law and helps the other driver file a claim.
This sign means:; One Way: Proceed in direction of arrow only.; No turns allowed.; Right turn lane ahead.; No backing allowed.; One Way: Proceed in direction of arrow only.;one_way
When must signals be used?; When you turn right only.; When you start, turn, change lanes, and move from a straight line.; When other vehicles are behind you.; When you drive in city traffic.; When you start, turn, change lanes, and move from a straight line.; Signaling informs others of your intentions and is legally required.
This sign means:; Truck ahead.; Steep hill ahead.; Trucks turning.; Loss of traction.; Steep hill ahead.;steep_hill_ahead
U-turns are prohibited at which of the following locations?; On curves.; Approaches to or near the crest of a hill where there is not at least 150 metres of clear view of oncoming traffic.; Places where a sign prohibits U-turn.; All of the above.; All of the above.; These locations are too dangerous or legally restricted for U-turns.
This sign means:; All traffic must slow down.; Exit lane.; All traffic must turn left.; Buses may turn left.; All traffic must turn left.;all_traffic_must_turn_left
You must not pass other vehicles in a pedestrian corridor when:; A sign tells you not to.; It is night time.; The other vehicles are slowing down or stopped.; The other vehicles are stopped.; The other vehicles are slowing down or stopped.; This often means a pedestrian is crossing, and passing could be extremely dangerous.
This sign means:; Divided highway ends.; Road surface change.; Leaving a town, city, or village.; No U-turns allowed.; Divided highway ends.;divided_highway_ends
If you become very tired while driving you should:; Open the windows to let fresh air in the car.; Drive a bit faster to reach your destination earlier.; Stop and rest.; Drink coffee.; Stop and rest.; Because rest is the only truly safe solution to driver fatigue.
Under-inflated tires increase fuel consumption. A single tire under-inflated by 56 kpa (8 psi) can increase fuel consumption by?; 25 per cent.; 15 per cent.; Seven per cent.; Four per cent.; Four per cent.; Under-inflated tires cause more rolling resistance, which leads to increased fuel use.
This sign means:; Construction zone.; Part of roadway has been removed.; Gravel surface.; Broken road surface.; Broken road surface.;broken_road_surface
Which of these statements is true regarding making left turns from a two-way onto another two-way street?; Scan well ahead of the turn, look for any following vehicles, signal and move close to the centre line.; Slow down and look both ways before starting to turn. When safe enter the intersection to the right of the directional dividing line and make your turn to the left of the center of the intersection.; If turning onto a four-lane highway outside the city, town or village, move to the right after completing the turn, if traffic permits.; All of the above.; All of the above.; All these steps ensure a safe and legal left turn.
You are planning to turn right at an intersection of a multi-lane lane street that is controlled by a green traffic light. You should:; Signal, move to the right lane, slow down, scan the intersection for pedestrians and vehicles, recheck mirrors and blind spots, and turn from the right lane nearest the curb into the right lane nearest the curb of the road.; Turn right from any lane into a corresponding lane.; Signal, come to a complete stop, and then turn right.; Slow down and then turn right.; Signal, move to the right lane, slow down, scan the intersection for pedestrians and vehicles, recheck mirrors and blind spots, and turn from the right lane nearest the curb into the right lane nearest the curb of the road.; This is the correct and safest method for turning right on a multi-lane road with a green light.
This sign means:; Right turn only.; Reserved Lane located in curb lane.; No right turns between 08:00 - 17:30.; Truck lane only.; Reserved Lane located in curb lane.;res_lane_in_curb_lane
Most traffic lights are arranged from top to bottom with colours in the following order:; Red, green, amber.; Green, amber, red.; Green, red, amber.; Red, amber, green.; Red, amber, green.; This is the standard vertical arrangement for traffic lights.
Persons driving under the influence of alcohol are:; Every driver’s problem whether they drink or not.; Only a problem to their passengers.; Not a problem in Manitoba.; A law enforcement problem only.; Every driver’s problem whether they drink or not.; Impaired drivers are a danger to everyone on the road.
If your vehicle stalls or is involved in an accident, move it clear of traffic and try to:; Park all four wheels off the travelled portion of the highway. If you have a standard shift, you can use the starter and low gear to pull your car to the shoulder.; Use the four-way flashers when your vehicle is coming to a stop, if your vehicle is stalled on a highway or if your speed is well below the speed limit.; Set up an advance warning by placing reflectors and/or flares some 60 metres in front and behind the car, so that the danger may be seen by approaching drivers. If you cannot move your car off the road, raise the hood to warn other motorists.; All of the above.; All of the above; These steps help protect you and alert other drivers of the hazard.