What are the leading types of collisions at entrances to expressways?; Head-on collisions.; Side impact collisions.; Rear end collisions.; Offset collisions.; Rear end collisions.; Sudden stops and merges often lead to rear-end collisions.
Before starting out from a parked position on a street, what is the first thing a driver should do?; Tap the horn to notify other drivers.; Turn on the signal closest to the curb.; Turn on the signal furthest from the curb.; Just pull out from the parked position.; Turn on the signal closest to the curb.; Signaling alerts other drivers and is the first safe step before pulling out.
This sign means:; Angled railway crossing.; Hidden intersection.; Crossroad ahead.; School bus crossing.; Angled railway crossing.;angled_railway_crossing
Frequent rapid acceleration and hard braking increases fuel consumption by up to?; 15 per cent.; 25 per cent.; 35 per cent.; 5 per cent.; 35 per cent.; Aggressive driving habits waste a significant amount of fuel.
Hydroplaning occurs when the vehicle’s tires ‘ride up’ on water on the roadway during heavy rains. To help prevent hydroplaning you should:; Ensure that the tires on the vehicle have good tread depth.; Ensure that the tires on the vehicle are inflated to the proper pressure.; Reduce vehicle speed when driving in the rain.; All of the above.; All of the above.; These steps all reduce the risk of losing tire contact with the road.
This sign means:; No parking between 15:30 - 17:30 hrs.; Emergency stopping only.; Buses only.; Parking is prohibited.;Parking is prohibited.;no_parking
Studded tires are illegal in Manitoba between:; April 30 to October 1.; April 1 and October 1.; April 30 and October 31.; April 1 and October 31.; April 30 and October 1.; Because they are only allowed during the winter season.
When turning in an urban area (city or town) when should you signal?; At least 50 metres before the turn.; At least 30 metres before the turn.; At least 10 metres before the turn.; At least 25 metres before the turn.; At least 30 metres before the turn.; Because it gives other drivers enough notice of your intentions.
When entering a street, Provincial Road or Provincial Trunk Highway from a private road, lane, driveway or building, you should:; Drive slowly so approaching vehicles and pedestrians can get out of your way.; Honk the horn so approaching vehicles and pedestrians can allow you room.; Stop and yield the right-of-way to all pedestrians and traffic.; Disregard pedestrians if there is no sidewalk.; Stop and yield the right-of-way to all pedestrians and traffic.; You must always yield when entering from a private access point.
You are driving and a front tire blows out. You should:; Brake quickly and firmly.; Hold your steering wheel firmly, take your foot off the accelerator to reduce your speed. Once in control, brake gradually and steer to the shoulder.; Pump the brake.; Turn on your emergency flashers.; Hold your steering wheel firmly, take your foot off the accelerator to reduce your speed. Once in control, brake gradually and steer to the shoulder.; Sudden braking can worsen loss of control.
What class licence permits the holder to operate a motorcycle?; Class 4.; Class 1.; Class 6.; Class 5.; Class 6.; Because Class 6 is designated specifically for motorcycle operation.
This sign means:; Right turn allowed.; No right turn on red signal.; Right turn on red.; No right turn allowed.; No right turn on red signal.;no_right_on_red
You are passing a car and notice a 'Hidden Intersection' sign ahead. What should you do?; Speed up and finish passing as soon as you can.; Pass on the right.; Drop back and pass after the intersection when it is safe to do so.; Stay beside the car until passing the intersection.; Drop back and pass after the intersection when it is safe to do so.; It’s unsafe to pass near hidden intersections.
Drivers encountering a funeral procession should:; Increase speed to avoid the procession.; Put their lights on.; Drive through carefully.; Yield the right-of-way.; Yield the right-of-way.; Funeral processions have special right-of-way out of respect and safety.
This sign means:; No parking.; Do not stop to wait.; Parking allowed.; No stopping during rush hour.; Do not stop to wait.;no_stop_to_wait
Which lane of traffic should you drive in when you are going to make a right turn?; In the second lane from the right side of the roadway.; In the lane closest to the right side of the roadway.; Any lane on your side of the roadway.; Close to the center line of the roadway.; In the lane closest to the right side of the roadway.; Because this minimizes disruption and ensures a safe, proper turn.
If your vehicle plunges into water, you should:; Get all of the occupants out while the vehicle floats.; Wait until the vehicle starts to sink.; Wait in the vehicle for emergency assistance.; None of the above; Get all of the occupants out while the vehicle floats.; Because it’s easiest to open the doors or windows and escape while the vehicle is still floating.
Which of the following is true?; Pedestrians have the right-of-way at marked crosswalks, which include crosswalks at intersections controlled by traffic lights, school crosswalks and pedestrian crosswalks.; Unmarked crosswalks are extensions of sidewalks. No markings or signs are required.; All of the above.; All of the above.; Both marked and unmarked crosswalks must be respected for pedestrian safety.
This sign means:; Road narrows.; No shoulders.; Speed zone.; Narrow bridge ahead.; Narrow bridge ahead.;narrow_bridge_ahead
Alcohol is a:; Stimulant.; Depressant.; Tranquilizer.; Refreshment.; Depressant.; It slows down the central nervous system and impairs mental and physical function.