When should hazard warning signals (4-way flashers) be used to warn other drivers that a vehicle is in a hazardous position on the roadway?; Your vehicle is stalled on a highway.; Your speed is well below the posted speed limit.; Performing emergency vehicle maintenance on the road shoulder.; All of the above.; All of the above; These lights alert others to slow down and proceed with caution.
If there is ice and snow on the road, you should:; Start out slowly and gently test steering and braking conditions.; Increase your speed.; Ignore the road conditions.; Put studded tires on your vehicle.; Start out slowly and gently test steering and braking conditions; This allows you to gauge the traction and control you have.
Your ability to drive may also be impaired by?; Tranquilizers.; Antidepressants.; Sleeping pills and similar drugs.; All of the above.; All of the above.; Many medications affect alertness and reaction time.
This sign means:; Road work.; Playground area.; Public gardens ahead.; Tree plantation ahead.; Road work.;road_work
To improve the safety and flow of designated vehicles such as transit buses and bicycles, certain traffic lanes have been reserved for their use only. Which statement is true?; The lanes are marked by double broken lines and white diamond patterns.; Traffic signs identify the vehicles and the times that the lanes are reserved.; Motorists making a right turn are permitted to enter the reserved lane at any point in the block preceding their turn.; All of the above.; All of the above.; All these methods are used to mark and manage reserved lanes effectively.
You are approaching an amber traffic control signal. You should:; Slow down and stop.; Accelerate to complete your right-of-way.; Speed up.; Honk your horn and drive though.; Slow down and stop.; Amber means the light is about to turn red, so stop if it’s safe.
To avoid accidents caused from following too closely, the proper interval for following is?; Close enough so no one will cut in front of you.; Found by spacing your vehicle at least four seconds behind the vehicle ahead.; One car length for every 10 km/h.; Found by spacing your vehicle at least two seconds behind the vehicle ahead.; Found by spacing your vehicle at least four seconds behind the vehicle ahead.; A four-second gap gives ample time to react in most conditions.
If you drive your vehicle with an under-inflated tire, what is the most dangerous probable result?; The tire will last longer.; The tire could overheat and cause a blowout.; An increase in road handling.; An increase in gasoline mileage.; The tire could overheat and cause a blowout.; Low pressure increases heat and risks blowouts.
This sign means:; Traffic must turn right (during designated times).; All trucks must turn right.; All buses must turn right.; Must turn right on Saturday.; Traffic must turn right (during designated times).;must_turn_right_during_designated_time
A person acting as a Class 1-5 supervising driver must have less than:; 0 blood alcohol content.; .05 blood alcohol content.; .07 blood alcohol content.; .08 blood alcohol content.; 0 blood alcohol content.; Supervising drivers must be completely sober for safety and legality.
What should you do if a vehicle suddenly approaches from the opposite direction in your lane?; Brake hard and flash your headlights. If speed can be reduced before the collision, the impact will be less severe.; Head for the shoulder on the right-hand side of the road and sound your horn.; Head for something that is capable of energy absorption to reduce the force on impact, if necessary drive into the ditch.; All of the above.; All of the above.; All are potential emergency actions to reduce injury in a head-on situation.
When you are driving at night and an oncoming vehicle approaches, you should dim your headlights at a distance of?; 350 metres.; 450 metres.; 150 metres.; 200 metres.; 450 metres.; This prevents blinding the other driver with your high beams.
What do two solid yellow lines dividing a highway mean?; No passing is allowed, but you may cross these lines to make a left turn into or from an alley, private road or a driveway.; You may cross these lines to pass other vehicles only if there is no oncoming traffic.; You must never cross these lines.; You must not cross these lines within 30 metres of an intersection.; No passing is allowed, but you may cross these lines to make a left turn into or from an alley, private road or a driveway.; These lines prohibit passing but still allow turns where necessary and safe.
You are approaching a flashing red traffic control signal. You should:; Come to a complete stop before the intersection. Check the traffic and go when it is safe.; Slow down and yield the right-of-way.; Stop only if turning left.; Be prepared to stop.; Come to a complete stop before the intersection. Check the traffic and go when it is safe.; A flashing red light acts like a stop sign.
This sign means:; Curves ahead.; Slippery surface.; Winding road ahead.; Icy conditions.; Winding road ahead.;winding_road_ahead
This sign means:; Do not pass to intersection.; Stop here for red traffic signal.; For trucks only.; Stop here during winter months.; Stop here for red traffic signal.;stop_line
Where is the correct place to stop at a stop sign?; Stop at the stop line before a marked crosswalk.; Where there is no stop line, stop before the marked crosswalk.; If there is no line or marked crosswalk, stop before the sidewalk, out of the way of traffic or pedestrians. If there is no stop line, marked crosswalk or sidewalk, stop before the intersecting roadway.; All of the above.; All of the above.; These are all correct depending on the situation at the intersection.
Turning your head to shoulder check before changing lanes or entering into traffic from a parked position is:; A bad driving habit.; A good driving habit.; Unnecessary.; Not necessary if you use your mirrors properly.; A good driving habit; Shoulder checks help detect vehicles or cyclists in your blind spots.
What should you do if you are coming to a railroad crossing in a city or town (urban) and the crossing signals are flashing?; Stop five metres away from the nearest track.; Slow down and look for a train. You may proceed if the train is further than 30 metres away.; Stop one metre away from the nearest track.; Stop three metres away from the nearest track.; Stop five metres away from the nearest track; This provides a safe distance in case of train overhang or debris.
To receive a Learner Stage licence in Manitoba, you must take and pass a knowledge test that will evaluate your understanding of:; Traffic signs.; Safe driving practices.; Vehicle repairs.; Both A and B.; Both A and B.; The test ensures knowledge of signs and safe behavior, not mechanical repair.