Which of these statements is true regarding making a left turn from a one-way street onto another one-way street?; Signal well ahead of the turn and, when safe, move into the far-left lane of the street.; Slow down and begin your left turn after checking for traffic. Turn into the lane closest to the left curb unless blocked within 30 metres of the intersection.; Unless otherwise indicated, you may turn left from a one-way street to a one-way street on a red light, after stopping and yielding the right-of-way to pedestrians and other traffic.; All of the above.; All of the above; Because all actions listed are correct procedures when turning left between one-way streets.
Drivers who are convicted of driving while impaired by alcohol or drugs for the first time:; Will be refused a driver’s licence for five years.; Are required to submit a character reference.; Will be suspended for a year and move down 10 levels on the DSR Scale.; May apply for a driver’s licence after 30 days.; Will be suspended for a year and move down 10 levels on the DSR Scale.; This is part of Manitoba’s graduated penalties for impaired driving.
Having a few drinks after work, before driving home:; Is a good idea, because you miss the rush hour traffic.; Is a good idea, because they help to release the day’s tension and make you a safer driver.; Will impair your ability to drive.; Will never hurt anyone.; Will impair your ability to drive; Alcohol impairs judgment, reaction time, and coordination.
What should you do when changing lanes?; Not give any signal.; Give proper signal and look to be sure the change can be made safely.; Give a proper turn signal.; Warn other drivers by blowing the horn.; Give proper signal and look to be sure the change can be made safely.; Proper signaling and checking ensures a safe lane change without cutting off others.
There is a 'reduce speed' sign ahead. As a driver you should know that:; You should maintain your vehicle's speed until after you get to the slower speed zone.; You should begin to reduce your vehicle's speed.; It's dangerous to slow down because traffic starts to back up.; The sign is only meant for slower drivers.; You should begin to reduce your vehicle's speed.; The sign is a warning to slow down gradually before the reduced zone.
You must not drive your vehicle faster than:; The posted maximum speed limit.; A speed that is greater than is reasonable and prudent.; A speed that is safe for the conditions.; All of the above.; All of the above.; Because your speed must be appropriate for posted limits and road conditions.
If your vehicle comes in contact with electrical wires, you should:; Step out of the vehicle immediately.; Stay inside and try to drive away from the wires.; If you cannot drive away from the wires and your vehicle is on fire and you must leave it, do so by jumping out so as not to come in contact with both the vehicle and the ground.; Both B and C.; Both B and C; Staying inside is safest unless there’s fire—then jump clear without touching both vehicle and ground.
You are driving on an urban street and hear a siren behind you. You should:; Stop where you are.; Check your rearview mirror and pull over to the right side of the road.; Speed up to get out of the way.; Slow down, but keep driving.; Check your rearview mirror and pull over to the right side of the road; This clears a path for the emergency vehicle.
The distance you follow behind another vehicle should be determined by:; Legal speed limit.; Condition of vehicle.; Speed and existing conditions.; Type of highway.; Speed and existing conditions; Safe following distance changes based on weather, visibility, and speed.
This sign means:; Merging traffic.; Speed up; Slow down.; Right lane ends ahead.; Right lane ends ahead.;right_lane_ends_ahead