Your ability to drive may also be impaired by?; Tranquilizers.; Antidepressants.; Sleeping pills and similar drugs.; All of the above.; All of the above.; Many medications affect alertness and reaction time.
This sign means:; Construction area.; Building area.; Equipment ahead.; Ditch digging equipment ahead.; Construction area.;construction_area
When is passing on the right permitted?; When overtaking a vehicle turning left.; On one-way streets.; On streets with marked lanes.; All of the above.; All of the above; Because passing on the right is permitted in all listed situations when it can be done safely.
A person acting as a Class 1-5 supervising driver must have less than:; 0 blood alcohol content.; .05 blood alcohol content.; .07 blood alcohol content.; .08 blood alcohol content.; 0 blood alcohol content.; Supervising drivers must be completely sober for safety and legality.
When you are following a vehicle at night, you are required to dim your headlights at a distance of at least?; 150 metres.; 100 metres.; 60 metres.; 120 metres.; 60 metres.; High beams must be dimmed to avoid blinding the driver ahead.
Which lane of traffic should you drive in when you are going to make a right turn?; In the second lane from the right side of the roadway.; In the lane closest to the right side of the roadway.; Any lane on your side of the roadway.; Close to the center line of the roadway.; In the lane closest to the right side of the roadway.; Because this minimizes disruption and ensures a safe, proper turn.
Turning your head to shoulder check before changing lanes or entering into traffic from a parked position is:; A bad driving habit.; A good driving habit.; Unnecessary.; Not necessary if you use your mirrors properly.; A good driving habit; Shoulder checks help detect vehicles or cyclists in your blind spots.
Seatbelts must be worn by all drivers and passengers:; Only when driving in the city.; Only when carrying passengers.; All the time unless exempted by law.; Only when driving on the highway.; All the time unless exempted by law.; Seatbelt laws apply at all times unless specific exemptions are granted.
If your vehicle stalls or is involved in an accident, move it clear of traffic and try to:; Park all four wheels off the travelled portion of the highway. If you have a standard shift, you can use the starter and low gear to pull your car to the shoulder.; Use the four-way flashers when your vehicle is coming to a stop, if your vehicle is stalled on a highway or if your speed is well below the speed limit.; Set up an advance warning by placing reflectors and/or flares some 60 metres in front and behind the car, so that the danger may be seen by approaching drivers. If you cannot move your car off the road, raise the hood to warn other motorists.; All of the above.; All of the above; These steps help protect you and alert other drivers of the hazard.
Before leaving your car parked downhill, you should:; Turn the wheels toward the curb or edge of the highway and set your parking brake.; Turn the wheels straight ahead and set your parking brake.; Put the parking brake on only.; Turn the wheels away from the curb or edge of the highway and set your parking brake; Turn the wheels toward the curb or edge of the highway and set your parking brake.; Because this prevents the vehicle from rolling into traffic.